README.md, before:

# Serverless Boilerplate with Serverless Framework 3, ExpressJS and TypeScript [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/cloudposse.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40Ixartz)](https://twitter.com/ixartz)

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://creativedesignsguru.com/"><img src="https://creativedesignsguru.com/assets/images/themes/serverless-boilerplate-expressjs-typescript.png" alt="Serverless Boilerplate Banner"></a>
</p>

🚀 Serverless Boilerplate is starter code for your backend and REST API based on Serverless framework with Express JS and TypeScript. ⚡️ Made with Serverless framework, Live reload, Offline support, ExpressJS, TypeScript, ESLint, Prettier, Husky, Lint-Staged, Dotenv, VSCode.

Clone this project and use it to create your own backend.

### Features

Developer experience first:

- 🔥 [Serverless framework](https://www.serverless.com)
- 📖 Local support with Serverless Offline
- ⚙️ Environment variable with Serverless Dotenv
- ⚡️ [ExpressJS](http://expressjs.com)
- 🎉 Type checking [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) with strict mode
- ✏️ Linter with [ESLint](https://eslint.org) with Airbnb configuration
- 🛠 Code Formatter with [Prettier](https://prettier.io)
- 🦊 Husky for Git Hooks
- 🚫 Lint-staged for running linters on Git staged files
- 🗂 VSCode configuration: Debug, Settings, Tasks and extension for ESLint, Prettier, TypeScript
- ✨ Lambda Function URLs for cost optimization (No API gateway or HTTP API)
- 💨 Live reload

### Philosophy

- Minimal code
- 🚀 Production-ready

### Nextless.js SaaS Boilerplate

Build your SaaS product faster with [React SaaS Boilerplate](https://nextlessjs.com).

[![Nextless JS React SaaS Boilerplate](https://creativedesignsguru.com/assets/images/themes/next-js-saas-starter-kit.jpg)](https://nextlessjs.com)

### Premium Themes

| [Green Nextjs Landing Page Template](https://creativedesignsguru.com/landing-green-modern-nextjs-theme/) | [Purple Saas Nextjs Theme](https://creativedesignsguru.com/landing-purple-modern-react-theme/) |
| --- | --- |
| [![Green Nextjs Landing Page Template](https://creativedesignsguru.com/assets/images/themes/landing-green-modern-nextjs-theme-xs.png)](https://creativedesignsguru.com/landing-green-modern-nextjs-theme/) | [![Blue Landing Page Nextjs Theme](https://creativedesignsguru.com/assets/images/themes/landing-blue-modern-nextjs-theme-xs.png)](https://creativedesignsguru.com/landing-blue-modern-react-theme/) |

Find more [Nextjs Templates](https://creativedesignsguru.com/category/nextjs/).
### Requirements

- Node.js 14+ and npm

### Getting started

Run the following command on your local environment:

```
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/ixartz/Serverless-Boilerplate-Express-TypeScript.git my-project-name
cd my-project-name
npm install
```

Then, you can run locally in development mode with live reload:

```
npm run dev
```

The local server is now listening at http://localhost:4000

### Deploy to production

You can deploy to production with the following command:

```
npm run deploy-prod
```

### Things to know

`serverless-offline-plugin` display a red warning in the console `offline: [object Object]`. It's just a warning from [Serverless Offline Plugin](https://github.com/dherault/serverless-offline/blob/b39e8cf23592ad8bca568566e10c3db3469a951b/src/utils/getHttpApiCorsConfig.js). Hope it'll solve in the next release of `serverless-offline-plugin`.

### VSCode information (optional)

If you are VSCode users, you can have a better integration with VSCode by installing the suggested extension in `.vscode/extension.json`. The starter code comes up with Settings for a seamless integration with VSCode. The Debug configuration is also provided for frontend and backend debugging experience.

Pro tips: if you need a project wide type checking with TypeScript, you can run a build with <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>B</kbd> on Mac.

### Contributions

Everyone is welcome to contribute to this project. Feel free to open an issue if you have question or found a bug.

### License

Licensed under the MIT License, Copyright © 2022

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

---

Made with ♥ by [CreativeDesignsGuru](https://creativedesignsguru.com) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/cloudposse.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40Ixartz)](https://twitter.com/ixartz)

[![Sponsor Serverless Boilerplate Express TypeScript](https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-red.png)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/ixartz)

Commit message:

docs: update readme file after adding Commitlint and Jest

README.md, after:

# Serverless Boilerplate with Serverless Framework 3, ExpressJS and TypeScript [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/cloudposse.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40Ixartz)](https://twitter.com/ixartz)

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://creativedesignsguru.com/"><img src="https://creativedesignsguru.com/assets/images/themes/serverless-boilerplate-expressjs-typescript.png" alt="Serverless Boilerplate Banner"></a>
</p>

🚀 Serverless Boilerplate is starter code for your backend and REST API based on Serverless framework with Express JS and TypeScript. ⚡️ Made with Serverless framework, Live reload, Offline support, ExpressJS, TypeScript, ESLint, Prettier, Husky, Lint-Staged, Jest, Commitlint, Dotenv, VSCode.

Clone this project and use it to create your own backend.

### Features

Developer experience first:

- 🔥 [Serverless framework](https://www.serverless.com)
- 📖 Local support with Serverless Offline
- ⚙️ Environment variable with Serverless Dotenv
- ⚡️ [ExpressJS](http://expressjs.com)
- ✅ Type checking [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) with strict mode
- 📏 Linter with [ESLint](https://eslint.org) with Airbnb configuration
- 💖 Code Formatter with [Prettier](https://prettier.io)
- 🦊 Husky for Git Hooks
- 🚫 Lint-staged for running linters on Git staged files
- 🚓 Lint git commit with Commitlint
- 🦺 Testing with Jest
- 🗂 VSCode configuration: Debug, Settings, Tasks and extension for ESLint, Prettier, TypeScript, Jest
- ✨ Lambda Function URLs for cost optimization (No API gateway or HTTP API)
- 💨 Live reload

### Philosophy

- Minimal code
- 🚀 Production-ready

### Nextless.js SaaS Boilerplate

Build your SaaS product faster with [React SaaS Boilerplate](https://nextlessjs.com).

[![Nextless JS React SaaS Boilerplate](https://creativedesignsguru.com/assets/images/themes/next-js-saas-starter-kit.jpg)](https://nextlessjs.com)

### Premium Themes

| [Green Nextjs Landing Page Template](https://creativedesignsguru.com/landing-green-modern-nextjs-theme/) | [Purple Saas Nextjs Theme](https://creativedesignsguru.com/landing-purple-modern-react-theme/) |
| --- | --- |
| [![Green Nextjs Landing Page Template](https://creativedesignsguru.com/assets/images/themes/landing-green-modern-nextjs-theme-xs.png)](https://creativedesignsguru.com/landing-green-modern-nextjs-theme/) | [![Blue Landing Page Nextjs Theme](https://creativedesignsguru.com/assets/images/themes/landing-blue-modern-nextjs-theme-xs.png)](https://creativedesignsguru.com/landing-blue-modern-react-theme/) |

Find more [Nextjs Templates](https://creativedesignsguru.com/category/nextjs/).
### Requirements

- Node.js 14+ and npm

### Getting started

Run the following command on your local environment:

```
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/ixartz/Serverless-Boilerplate-Express-TypeScript.git my-project-name
cd my-project-name
npm install
```

Then, you can run locally in development mode with live reload:

```
npm run dev
```

The local server is now listening at http://localhost:4000

### Deploy to production

You can deploy to production with the following command:

```
npm run deploy-prod
```

### VSCode information (optional)

If you are VSCode users, you can have a better integration with VSCode by installing the suggested extension in `.vscode/extension.json`. The starter code comes up with Settings for a seamless integration with VSCode. The Debug configuration is also provided for frontend and backend debugging experience.

With the plugins installed on your VSCode, ESLint and Prettier can automatically fix the code and show you the errors. Same goes for testing, you can install VSCode Jest extension to automatically run your tests and it also show the code coverage in context.

Pro tips: if you need a project wide type checking with TypeScript, you can run a build with <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>B</kbd> on Mac.

### Contributions

Everyone is welcome to contribute to this project. Feel free to open an issue if you have question or found a bug.

### License

Licensed under the MIT License, Copyright © 2022

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

---

Made with ♥ by [CreativeDesignsGuru](https://creativedesignsguru.com) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/cloudposse.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40Ixartz)](https://twitter.com/ixartz)

[![React SaaS Boilerplate](https://creativedesignsguru.com/assets/images/themes/next-js-saas-starter-kit.jpg)](https://nextlessjs.com)
